Yes. Hello. It's a blessing.
This video will provide you with feedback when you need further clarification on the winning
I made a video about him because he was.
Before you start explaining
Shooting will the US says it may be difficult for those who've Starter
Now what would that tell figurine to sleep
Uh, it's easy to tell .
It's a little difficult to express in a dictionary .
When the incident of a certain plane wave comes in, the normal grain of the plane
The angle formed by the direction of the incident wave
And the ship leaves the boundary to reach the 10,001 things up tanks and bounds
It's the angle with the law on the interface.
It's difficult. Just simple.
No, you can look at the top of the tank.
The video
I'll proceed to the screen.
In society
Ah
Bo geteupnida was properly excited matchwot experienced research resources, absolute freedom when naohne
character
It's about 200 million .
Huh Come to ride comfortably
Only the joint gets
I'll look over it.
When you look above,
Now the angle of the car and tan
Thanirai
It's taken a little of each tea
And 5
Now, when I saw in the plain
Eoheuk the John Wait a little longer, why, because the forest
Can I fell on top Holds
It's like this.
You do not know what's going on when you say something.
The gritty uh tteon said the second would explain who is now the front part of the train
You see gloves.
Look at the mouse cursor . There's a slope on the front panel and car arms.
So as you see the wave's doejyo is the slope of plywood
However, now that I explain this merely about the slope,
It's made for your own teatime shop.
But this is the least I can do to induce a tee-time angle to shoot a shot.
Did you get a sense of this one
Considering the language you want to use Leafie-Ipssak is somehow my opponents train and tram
Now you need to understand what the glove count is for.
Not only that, but my 4th Penetration
You have to consider the opponent's shot penetration .
I mean look at the game now suffered four months that I am looking up under
Looking down from above the situation and shooting down from top to bottom
I need some experience to do it.
In a nutshell, you need both knowledge and experience.
Let me summarize what this video I want to explain.
Despite the explanation of the figurative evil, I hope it will be 1.4 billion ,
It is a crunching angle
But the body is being held there towards reducing its own tea-time d
You can induce and fire.
However, knowledge and experience are necessary enough to take the shot into consideration .
That would be enough.
Ah, therefore, this shot is a long shot,
It's hard, but I'm a little used to Walton now.
I took off my novice tee .
But now I know something a little more.
If you are going to go over to heavy water ,
I made it.
5 There are video constraints on feedback, but I do not know about these
I wonder if there are
If you were to produce a dog video and this video was a great help to you
It is.
Ah
Relaxation This limitation on the angle of incidence is that the description of knowledge
I'll finish it. Thank you for watching.
4 Let's look at the following in good shape
Thanks and blessings from the body. See you next time.